README.md, before:

st - simple terminal
--------------------
st is a simple terminal emulator for X which sucks less.


Requirements
------------
In order to build st you need the Xlib header files.


Installation
------------
Edit config.mk to match your local setup (st is installed into
the /usr/local namespace by default).

Afterwards enter the following command to build and install st (if
necessary as root):

    make clean install


Running st
----------
If you did not install st with make clean install, you must compile
the st terminfo entry with the following command:

    tic -sx st.info

See the man page for additional details.

Credits
-------
Based on Aurélien APTEL <aurelien dot aptel at gmail dot com> bt source code.


Personal changes
----------------
This is a personal fork to store <code>config.h</code> and patches.

The following patches are applied:

- scrollback
    * scrollback
    * scrollback-mouse
    * scrollback-mouse-increment
- alpha-focus-highlight
- clipboard
- dynamic-cursor-color
- font2
- anysize
- undercurl
- st-hidecursor
- boxdraw
- colors-at-launch

Commit message:

adds vercenter patch and removes anysize patch

README.md, after:

st - simple terminal
--------------------
st is a simple terminal emulator for X which sucks less.


Requirements
------------
In order to build st you need the Xlib header files.


Installation
------------
Edit config.mk to match your local setup (st is installed into
the /usr/local namespace by default).

Afterwards enter the following command to build and install st (if
necessary as root):

    make clean install


Running st
----------
If you did not install st with make clean install, you must compile
the st terminfo entry with the following command:

    tic -sx st.info

See the man page for additional details.

Credits
-------
Based on Aurélien APTEL <aurelien dot aptel at gmail dot com> bt source code.


Personal changes
----------------
This is a personal fork to store <code>config.h</code> and patches.

The following patches are applied:

- scrollback
    * scrollback
    * scrollback-mouse
    * scrollback-mouse-increment
- alpha-focus-highlight
- clipboard
- dynamic-cursor-color
- font2
- undercurl
- st-hidecursor
- boxdraw
- colors-at-launch
- vertcenter

anysize patch was removed as it seemed more annoying than beneficial.
